# UkgSampleAutomationFramework

This repository contains an automation testing framework for the UKG project. It includes various automated tests covering different aspects of the application.

## Download Repository

To download this repository, you can clone it using Git. Open a terminal and execute the following command:

git clone https://github.com/DasaevBrune/UkgSampleAutomationFramework.git


## Requirements

Before running the tests, make sure you have the following installed on your system:

- Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or higher
- Maven
- Google Chrome

## Running Tests

Once you have downloaded the repository, you can run the automated tests using Maven. Navigate to the project folder and execute the following command: mvn test


This will run all available tests in the project and display the results in the console.

## Project Structure

- **Creports**
  - `AutomationReport.html`: HTML report generated by ExtentReports.

- **C_screenshot**
  - (This directory could contain screenshots captured during test execution.)

- **src**
  - **main**
    - **java**
      - **pageEvents**
        - `CareersPageEvents.java`: Event methods related to the Careers page.
        - `FindJobsEvents.java`: Event methods related to the Job Opportunities page.
        - `HomePageEvents.java`: Event methods related to the Home page.
      - **pageObjects**
        - `CareersPageElements.java`: Locators for elements on the Careers page.
        - `FindJobsPageElements.java`: Locators for elements on the Job Opportunities page.
        - `HomePageElements.java`: Locators for elements on the Home page.
      - **utils**
        - `BaseTest.java`: Base test class containing setup and teardown methods.
        - `Constants.java`: Class containing constant values used in the framework.
        - `ElementFetch.java`: Class for fetching web elements.
        - `RetryAnalyzer.java`: TestNG retry analyzer class.
        - `SuiteListener.java`: TestNG suite listener class.

  - **test**
    - **java**
      - **tests**
        - `MySampleTest.java`: Test class containing automated test cases.

## Available Tests

Here is a list of the tests available in this project:

- `verifyCareersAccessView`: Verifies access to the careers page.
- `verifyFindJobsView`: Verifies access to the job opportunities page.
- `verifyFindJobsView_FailingTest`: Verifies that a test fails correctly.
- `verifySearchJob`: Verifies the job search functionality, specifically searching for a QA Automation role in Uruguay.

## Contributions

Feel free to contribute to the development of this framework! You can submit Pull Requests with new features, improvements, or bug fixes.

Thank you for your interest in the project!


